saturday afternoon forty-eighth
kilometer of road
Komsomolsk-on-Amur birch village in
the accident got a long distance deu with
passengers on board
bus route 308 was flying from
village named after Polina Osipenko in
Khabarovsk
around noon in bad conditions
visibility driver lost orientation
on the road and unwittingly slid onto
the opposite part of the highway there is a bus
crashed into a standing trained timber truck
scania
this video was made by a resident
the village of birch which rode in this
friend's daughter in Khabarovsk by words
female driver went on overtaking cargo
cars and got into her sporting stream of snow
lifted into the air bulky
the vehicle was similar to
impenetrable snowstorm is what happened
in
Well, that stood on either side of the two
timber truck
and it was snowing and there was a strong twist
here is the driver of the snow did not see anything
rode on generally on invisibility now
I see that we have already driven everyone has already driven everyone
tell everything everything everything flies to and glass
face and hair and by the collar everywhere
you straight as much meat to the glasses
showered on anyone in the bus
people other than the driver was not injured driver
dan was completely disoriented after
hitting a while the car was moving
completely out of control the man was
damaged head passengers are forced
were taking care of themselves a
continuing the journey on this bus is not
it was out of the question there the guy set
thief
and drove to the nearest diner
got warm
that's all and then every man himself
already got to the city but somehow
free taxi call someone for something like
data traffic police affected in the accident
Probably the driver is not registered
began to seek medical aid culprit
collision the police call it
his wording did not cope with
the bus management was about
two dozen passengers from the place
incident Eugenia Kulikova Mariya
sklyarov
and paul rogatin